The Joe Rogan experience.
The perils of becoming famous when you're young are well-known
right. It's no one is really,
there's a small handful of people that have made it through unscathed.
It's a,
it's a weird way to grow up because everybody else grows up
trying to prove their worth or trying to find their place
in life and trying to, you know, get people to understand who they are.
You grow up where basically most people who run into,
you know, who you are before you knew who they are. And they're,
they're already like, kind of freaked out that you're there and they'll,
they'll do anything for ya and they want to see you and they want to see you
perform. They just want to see you sing and talk.
And it's a very strange way to grow up. Right. What did,
did you, at any point in time have this feeling like, Hey,
maybe this isn't the best way to grow up?
So I grew up in Texas, Dallas, Texas.
Um, I keep forgetting we're in Texas Dallas. Um, but I,
I grew up, you know,
I went to public school except for the one year that I homeschooled on Barney
and friends and I experienced, um,
bullying pretty bad while I was there.
And so I ended up leaving public school and I went into
a really depressive state for a period of time. I didn't,
you know, when you're 12 and you're bullied, that's your social life.
Like your social life is everything to you. And so, um,
I felt like I didn't have much to look forward to anymore,
except for my music and music kind of kept me alive.
So it's not that like I ever looked at the industry
as, um,
this kind of weird burden on my teenage years or
whatever. Like, yes, it is weird in hindsight,
but I looked at it as it actually kind of saved my life, um,
at times because it gave me something to live for.
And I knew that if I stayed in Texas that, um,
I wouldn't make it out alive.
The bullying was about, yeah.
The bullying was that bad, but.
They knew that you had been on television already.
So it was that part of the reason why they were bullying you.
So when I asked them, like, why are you guys? So it all started with,
like, I wrote a note, you know, you're in sixth, seventh grade,
you're passing notes back and forth. And I called someone,
this other girl like called her annoying and said she was being a. Right.
And then that escalated to,
by the end of the day, I,
it was that like scene in the movie where you walk in the lunch room and
everyone just looks at you. Cause the thing was,
is like the girls that I wrote that about where the popular girls.
And so it just like anyone who wanted to be popular,
took their side and everyone just was like, I dunno.
So I had a concert that weekend on a military base and I went to
like Vegas for the concert or something. And when I came back,
it just had increased. And so when I asked them, like,
why are you guys doing this? I wrote a note. We all write notes in school.
We're in seventh grade. That's what we do. And they were just like, well,
you're a and you're fat.
And so I internalized what they were saying.
And that's when my eating disorder developed. And I couldn't, I mean,
I wasn't a. Um, I believe.
Yeah,
it is so crazy how children have this instinct to pile
onto people like that though. It's bullying is it's more common than not.
Well, and you have to understand is my generation was like the first with social
media. So what I was really, um,
dealing with was the cyber bullying of everything. It wasn't.
I had wished that someone had tried to fight me because I'm a fighter.
And so I would've thrown down,
but they were coming at me with words that scarred me emotionally for
years to come and ended up, you know,
scarring me for the rest of my life. Um,
and I kept saying to people who didn't understand cyber bullying,
like I wish that someone had just hit me and gotten it over with,
because at least I wouldn't have to live with those words that they said to me
for years. And that's what was the hardest part, um,
was the emotional trauma of like, of all of it.
And which made it hard to meet fans my age,
because I had just been bullied three years before by people, my age,
when I was meeting fans, I was excited to meet them.
But at the same time I knew what they were capable of.
So I had this weird like battle in my head every time I'd meet someone,
my age of like, I'm so appreciative of you,
but I'm also terrified of what you're capable of.
Wow.
So you just had a wall up for any young kids that reminded you of the girls who
bullied you.
Which was my fan base at that time.
And so that was always in my mind and I actually never
even told anybody that really, because I didn't think it was important.
I also felt guilty for feeling that way towards my fans. Did.
You discuss the bullying with anybody at the time? Oh.
Yeah. I D I discussed it with my mom. She took it. We went, I mean,
she came to the school and tried to tell them what was happening.
And they were like, if it's cyber bullying, we can't do anything about it.
It didn't happen on school grounds. So no punishment really took place.
And I mean,
they had a suicide petition that they passed around the school and tried to get
people to sign it so that I would kill my, like, it, it gets gnarly and,
and girls can be mean middle school girls can be mean.
And so I talked about it a lot.
And then I decided that was really my first taste of activism.
Mark was being an advocate for anti-bullying.
And I remember I like decided to start talking about it.
And I felt like I felt some purpose and all of a sudden my career
wasn't about my talent anymore. Have you.
Ever run into those girls?
So I haven't run into them,
but I did make a phone call to like the main girl that bullied me
because when I got sober,
a part of the program they teach you to on your ninth step is you make amends.
And when you do your resentments, um, or you,
you make a list of resentments, you write down everyone,
you've had a resentment against your entire life.
At least this is the way I was brought through the steps and her name was on
it. And when they had me go through what was my part, and I was like, well,
I put the name down that she was a. So like,
I guess I did play a part in that.
And when I looked at everything, I was like, you know,
I can't look back at that situation and, and say that I was innocent.
So I went to own my part, but a part of the step was calling and making amends.
And so I called her and she was like, oh my gosh,
I can't even believe you remember who I am. And I was like, you ruined my life.
Are you kidding? Me?
And I was so I just like sat there. And I was like, cool.
I think this concludes the end of this phone call. I'm sorry.
And who wish you will?
What was she, what did you get past that? Did you talk to her? Like.
She was so thrown off that I even remembered who she was after
becoming famous and a celebrity that like,
she wasn't interested in talking about what had happened when I was
12 or whatever.
What does she want to talk about? Like, what's it like to be you.
You like, oh my God, I miss you so much. I hope you're well,
and I was just like,
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change.
It's so strange people that are not famous for some reason.
They think that people who are famous or not people, yeah.
You become a famous person. You're not a person it's like,
you have like a shield around you. You, you,
you like all your emotional scars or all of your past,
for some reason that doesn't, it doesn't affect you.
You're in a castle somewhere covered in gold, right? Yeah. Yeah.
They think that like, that's probably how she felt when she was talking to you.
Like, how do you remember me? Like, you're in a castle covered in gold.
And so I'm hearing this thinking like, I've,
I just got out of treatment for an eating disorder.
Like you don't think, I remember you,
you were the first person to ever call me or not the first,
but you were the first mean girl to call me fat. Like,
of course I remember you. It was just wild, but you know,
you look back at times like that. And everybody, like,
those were my teachers at that time. Like we all have teachers and,
and people. And so even though I,
I used to resent that person for many years.
I look at that time in my life and I'm like, well,
I needed to learn those lessons then. And, um, it is what it is. Can't,
can't change the past.
It's a painful lesson that hangs with you for that long.
But did you feel a large weight lifted off you after having that conversation
with her?
Uh, no. No, no. It actually, it made me more upset because I was like,
how does someone who literally
altered the course of my life? Not that I'm blaming her for my eating disorder,
I would have probably developed one anyways because my mother had one.
And so I was,
I was looking at negative food behaviors and that's all I knew.
And so when someone called me fat, I knew exactly what to do now.
Like I said, I don't blame her for it by, um,
I couldn't believe that she didn't think I remembered who she was after what
she said made me, uh,
decide to stop eating.
Yeah, just what I said earlier.
I just don't think that someone like her ever thinks that someone like you even
has normal feelings. Yeah, totally.
And a lot of people still think that about celebrities, like know.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.